Updating guidelines + new functions (#84)
DTUAqua/spict: spict/doc/spict_guidelines.Rmd

---
title: "Guidelines for the use of the stochastic production model in continuous time (SPiCT)"
author: "T.K. Mildenberger, A. Kokkalis, C.W. Berg"
date: "`r format(Sys.time(), '%d %B, %Y')`"
output:
  rmarkdown::html_vignette:
    number_sections: false
    toc: false
  pdf_document:
    number_sections: false
    toc: false
    keep_tex: false
bibliography: bibliography.bib
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{spict_guidelines}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
---

```{r, echo = FALSE, warning = FALSE, message = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(collapse = TRUE, comment = "  ", fig.align = 'center', cache=FALSE)
library(knitr)
```
This is a living document, be sure to check for the latest update
([link](https://github.com/DTUAqua/spict/commits/master)). The SPiCT package
is actively developed, check for the most recent package version and

> report problems at ([link](https://github.com/DTUAqua/spict/releases)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
report problems by opening a new issue at ([link](https://github.com/DTUAqua/spict/issues)).
```
